RHDEVDOCS-2587 Bug 1810904 - [DOC]Should document how to configure pu… (#48456)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/builds-image-source.adoc

If your cluster uses an `ImageContentSourcePolicy` object to configure repository mirroring, you can use only global pull secrets for mirrored registries. You cannot add a pull secret to a project.
====

.Images that require pull secrets

> Optionally, if an input image requires a pull secret, you can link the pull secret to the service account used by the build. By default, builds use the `builder` service account. The pull secret is automatically added to the build if the secret contains a credential that matches the repository hosting the input image. To link a pull secret to the service account used by the build, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using an input image that requires a pull secret, you can link the pull secret to the service account used by the build. By default, builds use the `builder` service account. The pull secret is automatically added to the build if the secret contains a credential that matches the repository hosting the input image. To link a pull secret to the service account used by the build, run:
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.

====
endif::[]

> .Images on mirrored registries that require pull secrets

Author: @adambkaplan Does it make sense to add this information as a note at the end of the "Image Source" section [shown here](https://rolfedh.github.io/previews/RHDEVDOCS-2587/cicd/builds/creating-build-inputs.html#builds-image-source_creating-build-inputs)? Look for the "Images on mirrored registries that require pull secrets" subheading.

Author: If so, I'll remove modules/working-with-mirrored-images.adoc from this PR.

Author: /unassign @adambkaplan 
/assign @coreydaley

Reviewer 2: Yes, I think that would be fine.

Author: Updated. Thanks.

> When using an input image from a mirrored registry, if you get a `build error: failed to pull image` message, you can resolve the error by using either of the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using an input image from a mirrored registry, if you get a `build error: failed to pull image` message, resolve the error by using either of the following methods:
```

Author: In this case, I prefer to reassert that the reader is the subject and that the action is optional. I'll be happy to explain why in person if you would like to discuss.
